README.md, before:

gcm-vis
=======

![gcm](https://github.com/rexim/gcm-vis/raw/master/gcm.gif)

About
=====
This is a visualization of the Greatest Common Measure algorithm for
two segments. I made it after listening to Alexander Stepanov's
[lecture](http://www.stepanovpapers.com/gcd.pdf) "Greatest Common
Measure: the Last 2500 Years".

Building
========
### Dependencies
 * SDL (for OpenGL)
 * CMake

### Linux
Go to the source directory:

    $ cd gcm-vis/

Make a separate build directory:

    $ mkdir build
    $ cd build/
    
Configure and build gcm-vis:

    $ cmake ..
    $ make

Run:

    $ ./gcm-vis

### Windows
I haven't tested it under Windows.

License
=======
This program is distributed under terms of MIT License:

Copyright (c) 2011 by rexim

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

I have tested it under Windows XP

README.md, after:

gcm-vis
=======

![gcm](https://github.com/rexim/gcm-vis/raw/master/gcm.gif)

About
=====
This is a visualization of the Greatest Common Measure algorithm for
two segments. I made it after listening to Alexander Stepanov's
[lecture](http://www.stepanovpapers.com/gcd.pdf) "Greatest Common
Measure: the Last 2500 Years".

Building
========
### Dependencies
 * SDL (for OpenGL)
 * CMake

### Linux
Go to the source directory:

    $ cd gcm-vis/

Make a separate build directory:

    $ mkdir build
    $ cd build/
    
Configure and build gcm-vis:

    $ cmake ..
    $ make

Run:

    $ ./gcm-vis

### Windows
I have tested it under Windows XP a couple of times using MSVC 9.0
compiler. And it works pretty well. But I will not describe the
process of building Windows version of gcm-vis here, because the exact
instructions depend on many different things. Just use CMake with
preferred options and see what it tells.

License
=======
This program is distributed under terms of MIT License:

Copyright (c) 2011 by rexim

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
